style: :lipstick: make a landing page section, with illustration (#126)
seedcase-project/decisions: index.qmd

---

> title: Archive of Decisions Records

Author: ```suggestion
title: Archive of Decision Records
```

about:
  id: hero-heading
  template: jolla
  image: home.svg
  image-title: "Making decisions"

>   image-alt: "Cartoon illustration of a man being confused and having to think about what decision to between between two arrows pointing in opposite directions."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  image-alt: "A cartoon illustration of a person with their arms outstretched looking uncertain, with a green arrow pointing left and a black arrow pointing right, symbolising a choice.""
```
